# ICT30017-TO4 / Aged Care Management System (ACMS)
Due to cognitive decline with age a lot of elderly people need help and support for their daily activities. Some of them can still manage their daily lives with some help from others at home (in-home care), while others need to live in a residential facility where the help and support are provided to them 24 hours a day (residential care). In either scenario, carers provide help and support to the elderly people in their daily activities such as eating, showering, tidying, dressing, and so on. An aged care provider keeps track of the elderly people registered with them, their care plans, the carers' profiles, their assignment and scheduling, health and safety regulations, and all other administrative staff, including billing, inventory management, and service management. A lot of aged care services use different software to accomplish some of these functionalities; however, those are all disconnected third-party software. A software system to manage all the functionalities in one platform would be beneficial for any aged care facility.

As a team of young developers, you are asked to develop a comprehensive Management System for aged care service providers, aimed at improving the quality of life for elderly people and streamlining the tasks of carers and administrative staff. This software system will incorporate various modules such as in-home care management, residential care management, resident management, staff scheduling, medication tracking, family interaction portals, generation of bills, and inventory tracking. Some of the features should be:

- Member management: keeping a record of the elderly people, including personal details, care plans, medication requirements, family contacts, accessibility requirements, and any other relevant information.
- Staff management: A detailed profiles of the staff with their roles and qualifications, as well as their type of employment, remunerations details and other relevant information.
- Service management: Different types of service offered to elderly people with duration and an up-to-date report on the service and staff associated with the services.
- Facility management: Residential services are provided at aged care facilities; the facility itself needs management, such as rooms, utilities, reservations, and so on.
- Scheduling: There are different types of staff to manage aged care services; not all staff are engaged in providing the services actively; however, they could be engaged in maintaining facilities and doing administrative tasks. Their roles as well as the assignment of - services (which could be roaster-based) need to be kept track of.
- Inventory management: Residential facilities provide daily necessities to the elderly; as such, it is important to keep track of the daily commodities, medication, and other necessary goods.
